Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to an editorial on this course on Ruby.
So if you have some knowledge of programming and if you have ever dealt with the C programming language,
then in this tutorial you will see how that Ruby programming language is similar to C and how it is
different from Ruby.
So this story basically covers the comparison of C with Ruby, and we are going to see the similarities
between the two languages and we are going to see the differences between the two languages.
So starting on with some of the similarity, like C in Ruby, also a programmer is able to program procedurally
if they like to do, but still behind the scene it will be object oriented.
Both the languages have the same operators.
For example, the compound statements, the bitwise operator.
But Ruby does not have the last blast, which is the increment or the negative negative, which is the
decrement operator, whether like C.
Next is that both of them have got the file and line with them, next is that there is no special constant
keyword, but still weak and constant in both the languages.
In both Si and Ruby, strings are written in double chords, next is that both of them contains the
mutable strings, then Frogmore using the R Eichman.
Most of the documents can be read in your terminal, just like mad pages.
And the final one is that same sort of the command line debugger is available in both of them.
So these were basically some of the similarities between C and Ruby.
So let's just have some comparisons now.
The first one is that in Ruby, there is no need to compile the code, it can be run directly in Ruby,
whereas in C the compilation of code is necessary because it cannot be run directly.
The second one is that it requires.
After Balo, instead of hash, include or hash include Arpita below, whereas nothing like that is required.
And so you can just go on and use the hash included and you can just use the library or you want to
include in.
The next one is that there are no variable declarations in Ruby, whereas if you talk about see, then
if you have ever recorded in C, then you know that variable declaration is necessary in C because ls
the compiler is going to generate an error message for you.
The next one is that there are no macro's or preprocessor no cast, no pointers, no type definitions,
no signs of Narino available, whereas all of these things are present in the C programming languages.
The next one is that argument.
Two functions are passed by value, whereas the values are all of this object references, whereas in
C functions are passed by value as well as passed by reference.
So basically passed by reference is what is additional in the C programming language.
Talking about some more comparisons in Ruby Parenthesis are four methods and these are basically the
calls for the functions are often optional, whereas this is not optional in C.
Next is that there is no charge, there are just one letter string, whereas Charra is used in for just
a single character.
Next is that array literals go in brackets instead of Brace's in Ruby, whereas a literal go in Brace's
in C next is that you can not drop down the assembly and in C you cannot drop down the assembly as well.
Which means this is basically something of that is similar to the next one is that in Ruby objects are
strongly typed and in C objects are not strongly typed.
You go without references for if and while condition expressions in ruby and parentheses are needed
in C with F and while expressions.
The next one is that string's don't end with Nailbiter and Ruby, whereas the wild strings end with
another bite in the C programming language.
Talking about some more in Ruby area, just automatically get bigger when you stuffed more elements
into them and in CCRA automatically cannot get any guy of bigger, it is what is basically allotted
at the start when you are assigning an array.
The next one is that if you add two arrays, you get back a new and a bigger array, of course, are
located on the heap instead of doing pointer arithmetic, whereas in C we need to free them ourselves
because garbage collector is not present in the C programming language, which is by default present
in the Ruby programming language.
The next one is that all variables live on the heap further.
You don't need to free them yourself.
The garbage collector.
Take care of that.
And and C, as I told you, that the garbage collector is not present.
So Brisas are required because ignoring braces will cause a syntax error.
And the same reasons goes for that as well, because the garbage collector is not present in the C programming
language.
The next one is that in Ruby you don't usually use précis just and multiline construct like y loops
with an end keyword, whereas braces are required because ignoring the braces will cause syntax error.
Talking about some more.
All the functions and classes are defined in the main source code files as there are no header files
present in Ruby, whereas in C the header files are there.
There is no semicolon ending lines in Ruby and there is ending line semicolon in C programming language
not specifying that and C is going to cause syntax error.
The next one is that there is no hash tag defined in Ruby, just use constants, whereas hash tag defined
is there in the C programming language.
The next one is that the Duggie word is for the so called Bloks.
There is a NORDO statements like that and see that you statement is used in with while to make a loop
like dual.
So that was basically some comparison between the C programming language and Ruby, you saw some differences
between the two languages, you saw some similarity between the two languages.
So if you have ever been dealing with the C programming language, then I guess you have got a mild
idea about how Ruby is going to be different from that and how it is going to be similar to the C programming
language.
So I guess that's what this tutorial in the next tutorial, we will be covering the comparison of Ruby
with C++.
So for this tutorial, thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next territorial.